README.md, before:

# Hacker News (Reloaded)

This project implements a fresh view of HackerNews, using their public API.

## Tech stack

- React 17 (with Hooks) - bootstrapped using Create React App
- HTML5
- CSS3
- Jest

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

## Setting environment variables

Add environment-specific variables to the `.env.development` file for dev/local enviroment.

For production, use `.env.production` file.

Commit message:

Update project's system requirements in README.md

README.md, after:

# Hacker News (Reloaded)

This project implements a fresh view of HackerNews, using their public API.

## Tech stack

- React 17 (with Hooks) - bootstrapped using Create React App
- HTML5
- CSS3
- Jest

## System requirements

This project has been developed on MacOS Catalina v10.15.7, using NodeJS v14.16.0. Please use a machine with similar configuration to run/execute this code.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

## Setting environment variables

Add environment-specific variables to the `.env.development` file for dev/local enviroment.

For production, use `.env.production` file.
